welcome to android video review net
video review of iris I am the sherwin a
dirt today we're taking a look at iris
which is actually Surrey backwards this
is a an application that was developed
in only eight hours for Android users
basically to be able to compete with
Siri on iOS 5 and the new iphone 4s you
know I've been reviewing a lot of these
types applications of trying to see if
any really are on par with Siri or how
they're similar and how they're
different this is another one it just
came in i think a few days ago and it's
gone to some funny responses some things
it's really accurate and some things
it's awful so i'm going to give you how
many questions like five questions and
let's see how it answers how old is the
earth pretty good recognition right
there and it's working off of google
their voice system again you know speech
the text i don't remember last time I
told me it's old but then you see it
pulls a picture so it kind of know it
picked up no word earth it just didn't
go to Google or like Wolfram Alpha like
Siri or even some of the other Android
applications we'll all right do I need
an umbrella tomorrow
you ask do I need an umbrella tomorrow
no I was just wondering so there didn't
really pull anything ah this is funny
let's see if this works who made you you
asked
human a human last time I told me is it
said my mother and my father what 78
times 33.6 42 that's close last time it
was off by one number on the second
number this time itself yeah a little
stupid what's my schedule like tomorrow
so this is basically Surrey at its best
I mean simple things it'll work basic
tests but kind of questions where you
speak more naturally and you know where
sri would determine your you know the
context what you're trying to say this
it just gets stumped and here if you
hold the microphone and actually clear
that just like that and that's pretty
much iris you know it i'll give him
credit i mean in eight hours to develop
this it's pretty amazing even to have
those responses for questions that
didn't understand we're pretty funny and
it had an idea of what i was asking you
just then give me the right response i
would think over time they're going to
build it i mean because if i was able to
get these stupid answers right now i
meant that they probably thought about
it just they didn't program it in
actually on how to answer so over time
this will definitely get better i'm sure
you know so a pro would be that it's
just something you know it only took
them eight hours to develop and it's
it's not the worst thing in the world
that common would be that you could tell
it only took eight hours to develop and
you know in certain sense is because it
can't answer certain specific questions
overall I'd give it a four for effort
just because of
you know it's just amazing how quickly
they pull this thing together so this
has been our Android video review of
iris please check back on our website
Android video review done effort some
upcoming reviews coming your way